Add section to Kafka splitting config docs for loadFromSecret (#376)
metalbear-co/mirrord.dev: content/docs/using-mirrord/queue-splitting/index.md

client.id=mirrord-operator
```

`MirrordKafkaClientConfig` also supports setting properties from a Kubernetes [`Secret`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/) with the `spec.loadFromSecret` field.

> The value for `loadFromSecret` is given in the form: "namespace/name".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value for `loadFromSecret` is given in the form: `<secret-namespace>/<secret-name>`.
```

> Property inheritance from the parent still occurs, and within each `MirrordKafkaClientConfig` properties in the `loadFromSecret` field are overwritten by those in `properties`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Each key-value entry defined in secret's data will be included in the resulting `.properties` file. Property inheritance from the parent still occurs, and within each `MirrordKafkaClientConfig` properties loaded from the secret are overwritten by those in `properties`.
```
